# UpGenix_EU10


This test automation framework is created as a solution for the QA task `of UpGenix_EU10`. 
Test scenarios are written in `Gherkin language` according to the task. The codes are written 
in `Java programming language` with the implementations of object-oriented-programming `(OOP) concepts`. 
Page object model `(POM)` design pattern is also implemented in the framework.


## Application under test

https://qa.upgenix.net/web/login/


## Info about the framework

Codes are written as dynamic as possible to increase the readability, re-usability and maintainability
of the framework. For example;

* `Google Chrome` is default browser for now but it can be easily changed by updating configuration.properties file,
* The website to navigate can be updated through `.feature file` (src/test/resources/features/ToDo.feature) or `configuration.properties` file.
* Based on `Maven` I add and manage all the `plugins` and `dependencys` into `POM.XML` file.

## How to execute
* ` https://github.com/franciskatoth/UpGenix_EU10.git`
* Use the following command to clone the project git clone `https://github.com/franciskatoth/UpGenix_EU10.git`
* Use the following command to run the project  mvn verify `-D"cucumber.options"="--tags @test"`

## Reporting

`Reports` are generated by `Cucumber` automatically under `/target/default-html-reports` package. Beside that simple reporting, more detailed and 
fancy reporting is also used in the framework by adding `maven-cucumber-reporting` plug-in inside the pom.xml file. Those reports can be reached
under `/target/cucumber-html-reports`. To able to get those fancy reports, the code should be executed through maven lifecyle or from the terminal 
with the command of mvn verify.In the case of test failures, a `screen-shot` of the related page is embedded into the report.


## Tech stack

* Java JDK 11
* Maven
* Cucumber 7.2.3
* Bonigarcia 5.1.0
* JUnit 7.1.0
* Selenium Webdriver 3.141.59
* IntelliJ IDEA Ultimate
* GitHub
